Revert BigQuery WIF updates (#8716)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-bigquery.md

**Available in:** Deployment environments

> The BigQuery WIF auth method permits <Constant name="cloud" /> to run deployment queries as a service account without configuring a BigQuery service account keyfile in <Constant name="cloud" />. For more information on the initial configuration of a BigQuery WIF connection in <Constant name="cloud" />, please see [the docs on setting up BigQuery](/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-bigquery-oauth#Set-up-bigquery-workload-identity-federation) WIF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BigQuery WIF auth method permits <Constant name="cloud" /> to run deployment queries as a service account without configuring a BigQuery service account keyfile in <Constant name="cloud" />. For more information on the initial configuration of a BigQuery WIF connection in <Constant name="cloud" />, refer to [Set up BigQuery Workload Identity Federation](/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-bigquery-oauth#set-up-bigquery-workload-identity-federation).
```

Reviewer: Hiya Bianca

Just amended this slightly to match both accessibility practice (not all users can see) and how the style guide phrases links.

Reviewer: Also, (this could just be me), although the link is for the "Set up BigQuery Workload Identity Federation" section, i'm being directed to Authenticating to Bigquery: https://docs-getdbt-com-git-revert-bigquery-wif-dbt-labs.vercel.app/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-bigquery-oauth#authenticating-to-bigquery
